"In a world full of chaos, you are my tranquil oasis"
"Your love has touched the deepest corners of my heart. I cherish you more than words can express"
"When you're next to me, my heart fills with so many emotions I can't possibly describe"
"I hope your day is as beautiful as you are"
"You are the reason I smile every day"
"Your smile brightens up my darkest days"
"I am so lucky to have you in my life"
"You are the most amazing person I know"
"Every moment with you is a treasure"

curlythug My success is not singular. I have a massive team of beautiful family members and friends who have been the cornerstone of all this that to act as if this was a accomplishment only I achieved would simply be untrue. Words cannot express just how grateful I am for the support system I have because I probably would be dead without them. I came to the country as a refugee from a war torn country and can only have managed all these beautiful blessings I've received in abundance because of them.
This was genuinely the hardest academic year of my life. Studying all three years of law into one and adding masters modules on top of it was simply hell. Then adding a six month internship in New York, it was horrible. To my family and my beautiful nephews who were here every step of the way, thank you. I come from a culture that does not let women express their truest and liberated selves but they let me be my own person every step of the way. To Uthman who skipped work to come take these beautiful photos because I had none for my undergrad and the closest thing I have to a brother, thank you. To Rahat, who travelled the world with me and came to give me sunflowers because I love them, thank you. To Shaf and Hodan for their presents, thank you. To my beautiful Egyptian friends in New York, who gave me unequivocal support and a place to stay
when my landlord kicked me out, thank you. To the Darwish family, you already know what you've done for me, thank you. And honestly, even all my beautiful supporters on twitter and Instagram who sent me books and attend the events we organise and believe powerfully in, thank you.
This is a huge pivotal moment in my life and I am starting my newest chapter with my graduation and my new job. I cannot believe that I am here, but I am. I love you all unequivocally, deeply, unconditionally and words cannot ever describe how deeply indebted to you all. 

The analysis of Google's data analytics usage showcases its strategic approach to decision-making, from product development to strategic planning. The benefits, including agility and innovation, are well-highlighted, while acknowledging concerns like user data privacy and biases. Overall, the review provides valuable insights into Google's data-driven culture and its impact on maintaining its leadership in the tech industry.


The exaplanation of how data analysis is done by google for a strategic approach in decision-making and planning. The way you analysed the deepth in user data privacy and achnolodged. and one of the main point is the pros and cons are prefectly balanced that potential concerns are achnolodged and in the same way cons are mainly focused on data privacy in which this needs a greater changes. Overall this revies has provied an good insightsabout hoe data driven task are mad ein googel and maintaining the higher level in tech industry.


This analysis unveils Uber's tech-driven revolution in transportation, powered by hyper-scale, real-time matching. It showcases how Uber's lightning-fast connections and dynamic pricing have reshaped ride-sharing. While there are speed bumps like customer dissatisfaction and privacy concerns, the analysis offers solutions, like fair pricing caps and stronger data security. Overall, this analysis uncovers the fascinating tech-driven journey of Uber and hints at an even more exciting ride ahead.


The analysis you provied gives me a better understing in how uber tech has done a massive revolution in transportation, and match timing and scalability they provide. It explains smoothly about how the pricing has turned when the ride share future has came into use. And the research highlights challenges such as privacy concerns and customer dissatisfaction, but also recommends measures like reasonable pricing caps and enhanced data protection. 

Overall, the analysis has a better impact on technical journey in uber and expecting a greater changes in uber that may gives users a better expirence.

it great that maximum of the things are covered by you in this review.

